(male announcer)
IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM,
SEXUALLY BASED OFFENSES ARE
CONSIDERED ESPECIALLY HEINOUS.
IN NEW YORK CITY,
THE DEDICATED DETECTIVES
WHO INVESTIGATE
THESE VICIOUS FELONIES
ARE MEMBERS
OF AN ELITE SQUAD
KNOWN AS
THE SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT.
THESE ARE THEIR STORIES.
(man)
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
(woman)
DID ANYONE SEE
WHAT HAPPENED?
OH, MY GOD.
[heavy breathing]
DOES ANYBODY HAVE
A BLANKET OR SOMETHING?
WAS HE HIT BY A CAR?
I THOUGHT
I HEARD A GUNSHOT.
ANYONE HAVE A CELL PHONE?
SIR, SIR.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
JUST HOLD ON.
THE AMBULANCE IS COMING.
[distant siren wails]
STAY WITH ME, PAL.
STAY WITH ME.
[heavy breathing
continues]
GSW TO THE LEFT ARM
AND INTO THE CHEST.
SECOND ONE THROUGH
THE LEFT SHOULDER.
LOST TWO PINTS OF BLOOD.
CLEAR TRAUMA TWO.
I NEED O-NEG AND AN INFUSER.
(woman)
I'LL CALL THE BLOOD BANK.
GAUZE. FORCEPS.
(nurse)
HEARTBEAT IS 180.
BP, 150 OVER 100.
I NEED TWO MORE UNITS
OF O-NEG.
I'M HIS PARTNER.
PAGE X-RAY.
WHERE'S THE ANESTHESIOLOGIST?
(man)
HE'S ON HIS WAY.
(woman)
FLUIDS ARE IN.
ALMOST 250 MORE.
WE NEED ANOTHER...
THE VICTIM IS A WHITE FEMALE,
LATE TEENS.
TOOK ONE TO THE HEAD,
AND THAT'S JUST FOR STARTERS.
DEEP LACERATIONS
TO THE NECK AND GENITAL AREA.
COULD BE SEXUAL SADISM,
OR SOME KIND OF RITUAL.
SO THE GUY GETS HIS JOLLIES
SLICIN' HER UP,
THEN WHEN HE GETS BORED
HE CAPS HER?
(Warner)
YOU THINK THAT'S PERVERSE,
I FOUND SALIVA
NEAR THE SLASH WOUNDS.
THE PERP LICKED HER?
YEAH. SENT THE SICKO'S
SPIT TO THE LAB.
OKAY. WE GOT A NAME?
AH, THERE'S NO I.D.
GOT THIS CELL PHONE.
NOTHING BUT BLOCKED
AND PRIVATE CALLS.
IT'S A PROOF SHEET.
SO WE'VE GOT A MODEL
OR AN ACTRESS HERE, HUH?
(Benson)
OH, GOD.
LOOK AT THIS.
THAT'S A HELL OF A PLACE
TO KEEP A PET.
THE PERP WHACKED
THE PARAKEET, TOO?
(Stabler)
MAYBE IT'S SOME
KIND OF MOB WARNING.
DEAD BIRD CAN'T SING.
SURE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW
WHAT KIND OF WEAPON
MADE THOSE NECK WOUNDS.
(Warner)
TEETH.
THE BLOOD SMEAR
FROM THE VICTIM'S NECK
AND GENITAL WOUNDS
SHOWS AEROBIC
GRAM-NEGATIVE BACILLI--
A BACTERIA COMMONLY
FOUND IN DOG BITES.
A STRAY MUST HAVE
GOTTEN TO HER.
SHOT, STABBED,
AND NOW A CHEW TOY.
AND SOMETHING ELSE
GNAWED ON HER.
A RAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I FOUND A FOREIGN
STRAIN OF BACTERIA
I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE,
SO I SENT IT TO
AN ANIMAL DNA LAB.
SHOULD HAVE
THE RESULTS BACK SOON.
ANYTHING ELSE?
(Warner)
JUST THIS.
(Stabler)
CIRCLE WITH AN "S."
IT'S A VIP STAMP
FROM AN AFTER-HOURS CLUB
CALLED SUPPLE.
MICHAEL SOLANO
OWNS THAT PLACE.
THE MOBSTER.
YEAH, AND THE CLUB'S A BLOCK
AWAY FROM THE CRIME SCENE.
YEAH, SOMEHOW THAT DOESN'T
SEEM LIKE A COINCIDENCE.
I'LL SHOW
OUR VICTIM'S HEADSHOTS
TO THE TOP
MODELING AGENCIES,
SEE IF I CAN GET AN I.D.
ALL RIGHT,
I'M GONNA GRAB FIN.
HE KNOWS
THE AFTER-HOUR CLUB SCENE.
7:00 A.M.--DON'T
THESE LADIES EVER SLEEP?
PROBABLY MORE THAN YOU.
PROBABLY GET MORE, TOO.
SOMEBODY COOKIN' BACON?
I SMELL A PIG.
[grunts]
MAYBE YOU NEED
YOUR NOSE ADJUSTED.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW HER?
HOPE YOU'RE NOT TRYING
TO SET ME UP WITH HER.
I'M IN A COMMITTED
RELATIONSHIP
WITH TWO STRIPPERS.
SHE WAS FOUND MURDERED
DOWN THE STREET.
EXECUTION-STYLE.
HALF-BLOCK AWAY.
WE FIGURED A MOB SCUMBAG
LIKE YOURSELF
WOULD KNOW
SOMETHING ABOUT HER.
YOU FIGURED WRONG.
THINK HARDER.
YOUR VIP STAMP
WAS ON HER HAND.
GENTLEMEN,
AS HARD
AS I TRY TO KNOW
EVERY PRETTY GIRL
THAT COMES IN HERE,
I HAVEN'T SEEN HER.
BUT OSCAR PROBABLY HAS.
HE'S MY WRANGLER.
HE KEEPS YOUR CLUB
PACKED WITH HOTTIES.
WHERE'S CASANOVA NOW?
PROBABLY WAKING UP
AND GETTING READY
TO HIT BOUTIQUE ROW.
IT'S HIS
HAPPY HUNTING GROUND.
(Stabler)
THANKS.
(Fin)
THERE'S OSCAR.
LARGER THAN LIFE
AND TWICE AS SLEAZY.
JESUS, LORD, HAVE MERCY.
OH, MY SOUL.
HEY, SWEETHEART,
HOW 'BOUT YOU, BABY?
DOWN, BOY.
WHO THE HELL
ARE YOU GUYS?
EH, WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I'M NOT PRETTY ENOUGH
TO GET ONE OF YOUR CARDS,
OSCAR ASSADORIAN,
TALENT MANAGER?
YOU CAN'T SPELL ASSADORIAN
WITHOUT "ASS," HUH?
THAT WHAT YOU SELL?
WHOA.
I'M NO PIMP.
NO, YOU'RE
A BOTTOM FEEDER.
YOU MANAGE HER?
NATALIE BLEERS.
I INTRODUCED HER
AROUND TOWN.
WHERE DOES SHE LIVE?
NASTY FLATS.
CRASH PAD FOR MODELS
IN MIDTOWN.
EACH KEY OPENS THE DOOR
TO AN APARTMENT
FILLED
WITH BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
HOW YOU LIKE ME NOW?
EVEN LESS THAN BEFORE.
OSCAR, BABY,
DID YOU BRING ME ANY?
CIERRE SU BOCA,
REGINA.
I MEANT LIQUOR.
[chuckles]
THAT IS WHY
WE LOVE OSCAR,
BECAUSE HE GETS US
INTO ALL THE BEST CLUBS
AND HE GETS US
FREE DRINKS.
YEAH,
WE LOVE OSCAR, TOO.
WHO DECORATED THIS PLACE,
A TORNADO?
OKAY, IT'S HARD
TO KEEP IT CLEAN
WITH SO MANY GIRLS
COMING AND GOING.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
NATALIE CAME AND WENT?
I DON'T KNOW,
A COUPLE OF DAYS AGO.
HEY, IF YOU SEE HER,
TELL HER I WANT THAT
50 BUCKS SHE OWES ME.
(Fin)
YOU'LL BE WAITING
ON THAT A WHILE.
SHE'S DEAD.
SO DOES THAT MEAN
THAT I CAN HAVE HER CLOTHES?
SWEET.
YOU TWO MUST
HAVE BEEN CLOSE.
BOSOM BUDDIES.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT'S EVIDENCE.
HEY.
THIS NATALIE'S PHONE?
YEAH.
WE ALREADY FOUND ONE
IN HER PURSE.
WHAT'S A GIRL NEED
TWO CELL PHONES FOR?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT SHE
SURE TALKED ON IT A LOT.
FIN, COME HERE.
ONLY ONE NUMBER DIALED,
IN OR OUT.
[cell phone rings]
[silence]
HELLO.
[caller hangs up]
GUESS THEY DON'T
WANT TO TALK.
YOU KNOW, AS LONG AS
THEIR CELL PHONE STAYS ON,
WE CAN TRACK 'EM.
HE'S HEADING ACROSS
14TH STREET, EL.
ROGER THAT, LIV.
[beeping]
HE JUST STOPPED.
[beeps]
(Benson)
JUST WENT INTO
POUNDING EZRA CAFE.
YEAH, I KNOW, BUT--
I KNOW.
I DON'T REALLY CARE.
IT DOESN'T REALLY MATTER.
WHY'D YOU
HANG UP ON ME?
I--I DON'T EVEN KNOW YOU.
TELL US ABOUT
YOUR FRIEND.
FRIEND?
FIRST TIME I SAW HER
WAS LIKE A SECOND AGO.
OH, REALLY?
WHERE?
THERE SHE IS.
DEAD GIRL WALKING?
(Stabler)
YO.
EXCUSE ME.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
SHE LOOK FAMILIAR TO YOU?
WHO ARE YOU?
WE'RE THE POLICE.
ANNA BLEERS.
OH, MY GOD.
DID SOMETHING HAPPEN
TO MY SISTER?
NEW YORK'S BEEN
NOTHING BUT TROUBLE
SINCE THE DAY
WE GOT HERE.
WHERE--
WHERE YOU FROM?
DUNLOW, WEST VIRGINIA.
WE CAME HERE
TO BE MODELS.
BOY, WERE WE STUPID.
(Stabler)
ONE MILLION DOLLARS,
PAYABLE TO ME.
NATALIE HAD ONE
JUST LIKE IT.
WE WERE GONNA CASH THEM
WHEN WE MADE IT BIG.
[sighs]
DO YOU MIND ME ASKING
HOW YOU GOT THAT?
WE'D ONLY
BEEN HERE A WEEK
AND SOME JERK IN AN SUV
RAN A RED LIGHT.
[inhales sharply]
SO NOW YOUR TWIN HAD
THE ONLY SHOT AT MAKING IT.
THAT MUST HAVE
PISSED YOU OFF.
I WOULD
NEVER HURT NATALIE.
SHE STOOD BY ME.
SHE MADE ME HER MANAGER.
WE WERE A TEAM.
SO WHY WOULD YOU LET HER
HANG OUT
WITH PIMPS AND MOBSTERS?
I TRIED TO STOP HER
BUT NATALIE LIKED ATTENTION,
GOOD OR BAD.
THAT'S WHY I HUNG UP
ON YOU WHEN YOU CALLED.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
THIS JERK GOTS CALLING.
WHO?
GOTS MONEY,
THE HIP-HOP ARTIST.
ARTIST?
TRY CHUMP.
WHAT WAS SHE DOING
WITH THAT LOSER?
SHE WOULDN'T TELL ME.
ALL SHE'D SAY IS THAT
THERE WAS GONNA BE A BIG PAYDAY.
FOR WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETHING WAS GOING ON.
SHE GOT SO SECRETIVE.
SO THAT'S WHY SHE
HAD TWO PHONES?
ONE FOR LEGIT CALLS
AND ONE FOR OTHER BUSINESS?
I GUESS.
I BEGGED NATALIE
NOT TO HANG OUT WITH HIM.
HE SCARED THE HELL
OUT OF ME.
[sobs]
HE THREATEN HER?
HE SAID...
[inhales]
IF SHE WASN'T
A NICE PUSSY,
HE'D LET THE CAT
OUT OF THE BAG.
[sniffs]
PLEASE.
MY SISTER WAS ALL I HAD.
GOTS DID IT.
I KNOW
HE KILLED MY SISTER.
(Gots)
COUNT IT, BITCH!
MO' CHEDDA' THAN KRAFT.
SKEET SKEET FROM THE NINE,
I CUT YA IN HALF--
[headphones thud]
HOLD UP, YOU JUST
WRECKED MY BEST TAKE!
I DON'T LIKE PEOPLE PLAYIN'
WITH MY MONEY, DAWG.
WELL, I DON'T LIKE
PSYCHOS CUTTIN' UP WOMEN.
HOLD UP,
I SING ABOUT THE LIFE.
I DON'T--I DON'T LIVE
THAT LIFE NO MORE.
OKAY, SO WHERE WASN'T YOU
LIVIN' IT LAST NIGHT?
RIGHT HERE
IN THE STUDIO.
MAKIN' THAT BANK.
EVERYBODY KNOW--
WHAT DO GOTS GOT?
GOTS MONEY!
YO. YO!
NOW, HOW ABOUT
NATALIE BLEERS?
YOU GOTS HER?
I GOT A GIRL
FOR EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK.
AND THAT SEEMS TO BE
MY FREAKY FRIDAY BITCH.
(Fin)
LAST NIGHT WAS FRIDAY.
SO THAT SUCKS FOR YOU.
WHAT HAPPENED--
A NUT FROM YOUR NINE
CAP HER IN THE HEAD?
I AIN'T KILL NOBODY.
AND I AIN'T GOT NO NINE.
AND BESIDES THAT,
THAT GIRL DONE SEEN MORE NUTS
THAN A CAN OF PLANTERS,
SO I HAD TO KICK THAT
CRAZY BITCH TO THE CURB.
IT WAS TOO MUCH DRAMA
FOR A HIT IT AND QUIT IT
BROTHER SUCH AS MYSELF.
[cell phone rings]
TOO MUCH DRAMA FOR YOU?
STABLER.
(Fin)
AND YOU'RE LIVING OUT
A MOVIE RIGHT HERE
WITH ALL YOUR PACINO POSTERS
AND THIS BLING.
'LEAST I GOT IT.
AND I GOT SOMETHIN'
FOR YOU, TOO.
ONE OF MY RINGTONES,
HALF PRICE.
STILL TOO MUCH MONEY.
PLAYA--
(Stabler)
DON'T LEAVE TOWN.
IT'S WARNER.
SHE'S GOT
SOMETHING FOR US.
(Warner)
RESULTS CAME BACK
ON THAT FOREIGN STRAIN
OF BACTERIA.
SHE BIT BY A RAT
OR THE PERP?
A TIGER.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
PASTEURELLA
MULTOCIDA TIGRIS--
FOUND ONLY
IN A TIGER'S MOUTH.
IF I HAD TO MAKE A GUESS,
I'D SAY IT'S PROBABLY
BENGAL OR SUMATRAN.
EXPLAINS
THE SLASH MARKS.
GOTS WASN'T KIDDING
WHEN HE THREATENED
TO LET THE CAT
OUT OF THE BAG.
ATTACKED BY A TIGER
IN THE CITY--
THAT'S A FIRST.
ACTUALLY, IT'S NOT.
FOUR OR FIVE YEARS AGO,
A GUY WAS MAULED
BY A LION HE WAS
KEEPING IN HIS APARTMENT.
WHO COULD BE
THAT STUPID?
GOTS MONEY
HAD SCARFACE MOVIE POSTERS
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
THIS IS HIS CD COVER.
NOW, WHAT IS
THE FIRST THING SCARFACE DID
AFTER
HE STRUCK IT RICH?
HE BOUGHT A TIGER.
AND GOTS IS A WANNABE.
HE HAD
TO HAVE ONE, TOO.
HE SET THAT TIGER
LOOSE ON NATALIE.
AND ITS SALIVA
IS ALL OVER HER.
WE NEED
A SEARCH WARRANT.
SORRY, BUT NO JUDGE
IS GONNA CONSIDER
BEING A MOVIE BUFF
PROBABLE CAUSE.
YOU READY FOR THE NEXT
ANIMAL ACT IN OUR CIRCUS?
HOPE HE'S NOT
A CROCODILE DUNDEE FAN.
CYANOPSITTA SPIXII,
ALSO KNOWN AS SPIX'S MACAW.
EXTINCT IN THE WILD,
ONLY 100 LEFT
IN CAPTIVITY,
AND WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
MATCHES THE BIRD FOUND
IN OUR VICTIM'S PURSE.
WHAT WAS NATALIE
DOING WITH IT?
SMUGGLING.
LOOK AT THE EYES--
PERFORATED
WITH TINY SLITS.
WHY WOULD
A SMUGGLER DO THAT?
SO IT WON'T SING
IN CHANGING LIGHT LEVELS
AND GIVE AWAY
THE PERSON CARRYING IT.
LOOKS LIKE GOTS
WAS USING NATALIE
TO DO A LITTLE IMPORTING
FOR THEIR BIG PAYDAY.
WELL,
HE'S NOT THE ONLY ONE.
ANIMALS ARE THE THIRD
MOST SMUGGLED COMMODITY
IN THE WORLD
NEXT TO NARCOTICS AND GUNS.
IT'S A $20 BILLION
A YEAR BUSINESS.
MUST BE HOW HE'S
GETTING HIS MONEY,
'CAUSE HE SURE AIN'T
MAKING IT WITH HIS MUSIC.
BUT AS LONG AS WE'RE
OUTSIDE HIS FRONT DOOR,
WE CAN'T MAKE A CASE.
MAYBE A JUDGE
WILL ISSUE A WARRANT
IF THERE'S
A PUBLIC HEALTH RISK.
WEIRD GERMS LIVE
IN A TIGER'S MOUTH.
WHO KNOWS WHAT LIVES
IN THE OTHER END?
[knocking at door]
YO, YO, YO, Y--
WHAT'S GOTS GOT?
GOTS TROUBLE.
WARRANT.
WHERE'S THE TIGER?
[door slams shut]
THE TIGER.
OH!
IN THE BEDROOM.
WHERE ELSE WOULD HE BE?
WHAT'S UP, PIMPS?
YOU KNOW HOW COLD
THESE NIGHTS CAN GET.
[exhales loudly]
GOTTA KEEP HIM WARM.
UH, NO, MUST HAVE
WENT FOR A WALK.
REALLY?
[growling]
SON OF A BITCH.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
[growling]
ROCCO'S MY PET.
HE NEVER HURT ANYBODY.
A TURTLE'S A PET.
A DAMN CAT, MAYBE.
OKAY, HERE'S HOW
IT WENT DOWN--
YOUR TIGER KILLED NATALIE.
YOU PANICKED,
YOU SHOT HER IN THE HEAD
TO MAKE IT
LOOK LIKE A HOLDUP,
AND THEN
YOU DUMPED HER.
MY TIGER?
MM-HMM.
AIN'T NEVER
HURT NOBODY.
OH, SO THERE'S ANOTHER TIGER
LOOSE IN THE CITY, HUH,
AND IT MAULED
YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
MUST BE.
YOU'RE AN HONEST GUY.
WHAT YOU DOIN'
WITH MY CD?
I PICKED IT UP,
GAVE IT A LISTEN.
YOU RAP ABOUT RUNNING
A DRUG RING OUT OF BROOKLYN.
DAMN STRAIGHT.
WELL, IT'S FUNNY.
I WORKED NARCOTICS
IN BROOKLYN FOR TEN YEARS,
AND I NEVER HEARD
OF YOUR LYIN' ASS.
OKAY.
I'M JUST A BLACK GUY
FROM WESTCHESTER.
I HAD TWO OPTIONS--
GET AN OFFICE JOB
OR PLAY THE ROLE.
I FIGURED, YOU KNOW,
I ACT TOUGH,
CUT ME A ALBUM,
MAYBE I CAN GET RICH.
IN THE MEANTIME,
YOU SMUGGLE ANIMALS
TO SUPPORT
YOUR BLING HABIT.
(Fin)
NATALIE FIGURED OUT
YOUR SCHEME,
WANTED A PIECE OF THE ACTION,
AND YOU DID HER.
NAH, SHE WAS JUST
ANOTHER PRETTY GIRL
THAT I WAS BANGIN'.
NOT SO PRETTY NOW,
IS SHE?
OH, MAN.
COME ON.
CAN'T FACE
YOUR HANDIWORK?
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK.
ON THE REAL,
SHE GOT ME THE TIGER.
WELL,
THAT'S A NICE TRY.
THAT'S HOW WE MET.
I WAS ON EBAY
LOOKIN' FOR A TIGER.
SHE SAID
SHE HAD THE HOOKUP.
I WASN'T THE SMUGGLER.
SHE WAS.
[knock at door]
I NEED YOU TWO.
HE WAS ABOUT
TO GIVE IT UP.
UH, NO, HE WASN'T.
HE'S ON THE LEVEL.
THE TIGER THAT
KILLED NATALIE, NOT HIS.
COME ON.
WARNER RAN THE DNA FROM
THE SALIVA FOUND ON THE VICTIM.
DOESN'T MATCH GOTS'S CAT.
DAMN, HOW MANY TIGERS
WE GOT ROAMIN' THIS CITY?
WELL,
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
WE CAN'T LET HIM
OFF THE HOOK
UNTIL HE GIVES UP
THE OTHER SMUGGLERS.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
LET ME GET SOMETHING
OUT OF MY DESK.
(Stabler)
WHO WAS NATALIE
WORKING WITH?
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, PAL.
WE GOT YOU
WITH THE TIGER
AND YOUR GIRLFRIEND DEAD
FROM A TIGER ATTACK.
JURY CALLS THAT GUILTY.
MONEY, YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY
"GETTIN' THE DICE"?
NOPE.
HERE'S HOW IT GOES.
YOUR CELLIE ROLLS THE DICE.
[snaps]
NINE.
THAT'S HOW MANY DAYS YOU
GET TO PLAY HIS GIRLFRIEND.
(Stabler)
I TELL YOU WHAT--
YOU INTRODUCE ME
TO NATALIE'S FRIENDS
IN THE SMUGGLING WORLD,
THEN, UH, I'LL
GIVE YOU A BREAK.
YOU DON'T GET IT.
THESE GUYS ARE PSYCHO.
THE GUY IN CHARGE,
MOST OF ALL, LIKE--
LIKE, I CHANGED THE LOCKS
AFTER THEY LEFT.
MM-HMM.
WHO'S "THEY"? NAMES.
LOOK, DUDE,
WE GOTS ENOUGH
TO LOCK YOU AWAY
RIGHT NOW.
YOU'LL BE INSIDE
SIX MONTHS
BEFORE YOU
EVER SEE TRIAL.
THAT'S A LOT
OF DICE ROLLIN'.
WILL YOU LOOK AT THAT?
I GOTS AN 11.
OKAY, OKAY!
THE GUY'S NAME
IS BUSHIDO.
I CAN MAKE A CALL...
BUT THEM BOYS'LL KILL ME
IF I SHOW UP WITH THE COPS.
GOOD THING
I WON'T BE ONE.
[roaring]
[chattering,
squeaking]
[squawking]
[squeaking,
roaring]
TOLD YOU THESE GUYS
WAS FOR REAL.
THEY GOT TIGER MEAT,
BUSH MEAT,
MONKEY BRAINS,
ALBINO COBRAS--
ANYTHING YOU WANT.
(Tybor)
BUSHIDO.
TIGER BOY IS HERE.
HEY, UH, BUSHIDO,
THIS IS, UH, MIKE KANICKI.
U.S. CUSTOMS AGENT
THAT I, UH,
TOLD YOU ABOUT
FROM JFK.
I DON'T RETURN
YOUR MESSAGES,
SO YOU JUST BRING HIM
TO MY WAREHOUSE?
NO, NO, I--I PUSHED HIM.
I PUSHED HIM.
I'M MIKE.
[animals grunt,
chatter]
LOOK, THE DEAL IS, UH,
I'VE BEEN SMUGGLING ECSTASY
FOR THE PAST
COUPLE OF YEARS,
AND I'M JUST, YOU KNOW--
LOOKIN' TO MAKE
MY NEXT MOVE.
YOUR NEXT MOVE...
IS TO GET
OUT OF MY FACE.
OKAY.
MY BROTHER GOTS...
WHAT A GUY.
ALWAYS LOOKING OUT
FOR OTHERS.
(Gots)
HEY, MAN, I WAS JUST TRYING
TO SHOW YOU SOME LOVE.
YOU KNOW, THROW
SOME BUSINESS YOUR WAY.
THAT'S IT.
I DON'T LIKE YOU.
(Bushido)
AND I DON'T TRUST YOU.
I DON'T TRUST
YOUR FRIEND, EITHER.
(Gots)
HEY, MAN, WE'RE COOL, RIGHT?
[groans]
HEY! HEY, GUYS.
LOOK, YOU WANT
THE ACCESS I GOT,
JUST GIVE ME A CALL,
OKAY?
AND, UH--
GOTS, WHEN YOU'RE DONE
BEING A PUNCHING BAG,
I'LL MEET YOU
IN THE CAR.
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND--
POSING AS A CUSTOMS AGENT
WITHOUT CLEARING IT
WITH ME FIRST?
I GOT SOME TIGER HAIR
THAT LINKS THESE SCUMBAGS
TO NATALIE'S MURDER.
HOW?
DNA FROM THE TIGER IN
THIS GUY BUSHIDO'S WAREHOUSE--
IT'S IDENTICAL
TO THE SALIVA
THAT WE FOUND
OFF NATALIE.
EL, IT'S KATHY.
SHE'S BEEN CALLING YOUR LINE,
NOW SHE'S CALLING MINE.
WANTS TO KNOW
WHEN YOU'LL BE BACK.
[clears throat]
TELL HER I'M IN THE FIELD.
[quietly]
OKAY. KATHY? HEY...
NEXT TIME, YOU FOLLOW
THE CHAIN OF COMMAND.
THESE GUYS ALREADY
HAVE ONE BODY ON 'EM,
WHO KNOWS HOW MANY MORE?
(Kalke)
I DO.
BRIANNA KALKE,
FISH AND WILDLIFE.
WORD TRAVELS FAST.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU,
AGENT KALKE?
GET DETECTIVE STABLER
TO BACK OFF BUSHIDO.
MY AGENCY'S
BEEN WORKING BUSHIDO'S CREW
FOR ALMOST A YEAR.
A YOUNG WOMAN WAS
SADISTICALLY MURDERED--
LOOK, I'M
ALREADY IN THERE.
LIKE A BULL
IN A CHINA SHOP.
HOW DID YOU
MAKE MY PARTNER?
LET'S SAY A LITTLE
BIRDIE TOLD ME.
THEN WE CAN'T HELP.
MURDER TRUMPS SMUGGLING.
AND 14 MURDERS TRUMPS 1.
THAT'S HOW MANY PEOPLE
BUSHIDO HAS KILLED.
WELL, A YOUNG WOMAN'S
MURDER ON MY DESK
MAKES IT PERSONAL TO ME.
(Cragen)
LOOK, IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHO CATCHES HIM
AS LONG AS
HE GETS CAUGHT.
WHAT CAN YOU GIVE US
ON BUSHIDO AND TYBOR?
ANDRE BUSHIDO
IS RUSSIAN AND ITALIAN.
HE USED TO TRAFFIC
IN YOUNG WOMEN
BUT SWITCHED TO ANIMALS
BECAUSE THE MONEY
IS JUST AS GOOD
AND THE PENALTY FOR
GETTING CAUGHT--HALF AS BAD.
VICTOR TYBOR IS
AN AMERICAN-BORN KENYAN,
FORMER ENFORCER
FOR THE ALBANIAN
CRIME SYNDICATE.
BEFORE HE HOOKED UP
WITH BUSHIDO,
HE WAS SMUGGLING
NUCLEAR CENTRIFUGE PARTS
FROM BELARUS TO PAKISTAN.
WHY'D THEY WHACK NATALIE?
WE THINK SHE
MAY HAVE GOTTEN COCKY.
TRIED TO MAKE A LITTLE
EXTRA ON THE SIDE,
SO BUSHIDO
TOOK HER OUT.
A CALL JUST CAME IN TO 911
FROM GOTS MONEY'S NEIGHBOR.
SAID DOGS WERE FIGHTING
IN THE APARTMENT.
GUY'S UNBELIEVABLE.
ANIMAL CONTROL'S
ON THE WAY.
ALL RIGHT,
I'M GONNA JOIN 'EM.
AND I'LL JOIN YOU.
[animal chattering]
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
AFRICAN HYENA.
(man)
HERE'S THE LAST ONE.
WE ALREADY TOOK
FOUR OUT OF HERE.
ROOM'S A MESS.
WE'RE BRINGING
ANOTHER TRUCK AROUND.
DON'T GO NEAR THAT THING.
[squealing]
YOU'D THINK
SOMEBODY WENT OFF
WITH A SHOTGUN IN HERE.
(Kalke)
MY GUESS, BUSHIDO
DROPPED BY UNANNOUNCED.
(Stabler)
HYENAS ARE
HIS CALLING CARD?
AND HIS MURDER WEAPON.
THEIR JAWS ARE STRONG ENOUGH
TO PULVERIZE BONE.
THEY CAN EAT AND DIGEST
ALMOST ANYTHING,
EXCEPT HAIR AND METAL.
YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT THING KILLED GOTS?
CHECK OUT
THE HYENA VOMIT.
HE HAVE A LOT OF BLING?
[cell phone rings]
SO LONG, GOTS.
IT'S BUSHIDO.
HE WANTS ME
TO MEET HIM IN AN HOUR.
(Stabler)
HEY.
SORRY I'M LATE, MAN.
TRAFFIC FROM THE AIRPORT
WAS A BITCH.
THAT'S FUNNY.
I JUST PICKED
LIANNA UP FROM JFK.
ROADS WERE CLEAR.
YOU MUST HAVE MISSED
THE 18-WHEELER
THAT JACKKNIFED ON
THE VAN WYCK, MAN,
'CAUSE IT WAS BAD.
(Bushido)
MIKE!
GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
SORRY ABOUT
THE LAST TIME.
I DON'T LIKE PEOPLE
SHOWING UP UNEXPECTEDLY.
HEY, YOU KNOW,
NEITHER DO I.
YOU KNOW, UH,
GOTS SAID IT WAS COOL.
NO WORRIES,
GOTS IS ALL GOOD NOW.
PLEASE, SIT.
EAT.
ENJOY.
WE SAY...
[speaking
in a foreign language]
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
RADIATED TURTLE EGGS.
FLEW 'EM IN FRESH FROM
MADAGASCAR TONIGHT.
EACH ONE IS
WORTH FIVE GRAND.
LIANNA'S
OUR HUMAN INCUBATOR.
IS THAT HOW YOU DO IT?
YOU GET A PRETTY GIRL
TO GET ON A PLANE?
YEAH.
EVERYBODY WONDERING
HOW SHE LOOKS NAKED.
(Bushido)
NOT IF SHE'S SMUGGLING
TURTLE EGGS.
(Stabler)
IT MUST BE TOUGH
FINDING BEAUTIFUL WOMEN
TO RISK GETTIN' CAUGHT.
EVERYBODY
LOVES MONEY, MIKE.
PROBLEM COMES
WHEN THEY GET STUPID.
GIRL LIANNA REPLACED,
SHE WAS IN HERE
THE OTHER DAY.
SHE OPENED THE TIGER CAGE
OVER HERE,
DECIDED SHE
WANTED TO PET HIM.
TIGER TORE HER APART
IN TWO SECONDS.
NEVER SEEN THAT MUCH
BLOOD BEFORE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE TIGER?
TASTY BUGGER, ISN'T HE?
AH!
NEVER ENJOYED
TIGER MEAT BEFORE.
MIKE, YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE
WHAT GETS PEOPLE OFF.
CRUSHED RHINO HORNS,
TIGER PENIS--YOU NAME IT.
I ONCE SOLD A CASE
OF PIT BULL TESTICLES
TO THE KGB.
[chuckles]
YOU WANT IT,
WE DELIVER.
SO, WHAT DO YOU
NEED MY HELP DELIVERING?
A WHITE CRESTED
HAINAN GIBBON.
A MONKEY?
THE RAREST MONKEY
IN THE WORLD.
ONLY 17 LEFT.
I'M BRINGING
IN A BABY FROM LAOS
THAT WILL MAKE ME
$1 MILLION.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE WANT
TO PAY A MILLION BUCKS
FOR A PET?
CHOPSTICKS.
WE BUTCHER THE GIBBON,
WHITTLE DOWN THE BREASTBONE
INTO THE MOST
EXPENSIVE CHOPSTICKS
MONEY CAN BUY.
FOR THE MAN
WHO HAS EVERYTHING.
PLEASE, MIKE.
ALL RIGHT,
I TELL YOU WHAT--
I GOT, UH, ACCESS
TO THE QUARANTINE AREA
WHERE THEY GOTTA
BRING THE PRIMATES
BEFORE THEY
GET IN HERE.
TOO RISKY.
(Tybor)
WE NEED TO GET OUR GUY
OFF THE PLANE
AND RIGHT THROUGH CUSTOMS.
HEY, NO--CUSTOMS.
NO PROBLEM.
YOU KNOW, YOU GIVE ME
THE TIME, THE DATE--
I'LL WALK THE GUY THROUGH,
HOLDIN' HIS HAND
IF YOU WANT.
ONE STEP AT A TIME, MIKE.
SMUGGLING LIVE ANIMALS
IS A LOT TOUGHER
THAN BRINGING IN DRUGS.
ANY MULE CAN SWALLOW
A CONDOM OF SMACK
AND CRAP IT OUT.
CAN'T SWALLOW
A FRIGGIN' MONKEY.
[chuckles]
SO WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO DO?
YOU CAN START
BY HANDING OVER YOUR WALLET
AND YOUR CELL PHONE.
SLOWLY.
DRIVER'S LICENSE
SAYS YOU LIVE IN QUEENS.
YEP.
[silverware clatters]
LET'S GO ON A PLAY DATE.
ELLIOT, WHERE ARE YOU?
YOU NEED
TO CALL ME BACK NOW.
[sighs]
LOOK, ELI.
DADDY'S FINALLY HOME.
[clears throat]
WHERE'S ELLIOT?
HE'S NOT WITH ME, KATHY.
[quietly]
OH, GOD.
DID SOMETHING HAPPEN?
LET'S TAKE IT EASY.
TAKE IT EASY, HUH?
[door closes]
SERIOUSLY.
THIS PLACE IS A DUMP.
THAT STUFF WAS CLEAN, MAN.
HEY, GUYS,
WHY DON'T WE RELAX, HUH?
WE'LL HAVE SOME BEERS.
THE GAME'S ON IN TEN MINUTES.
WHAT DO YOU SAY, HUH?
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
COME HERE.
DON'T TALK TO US
LIKE WE BUDDIES.
OKAY, OKAY.
[speaking in
a foreign language]
HOW STUPID IS
YOUR GOVERNMENT?
THEY TRUST PEOPLE
LIKE YOU TO WORK CUSTOMS,
BUT THEY PAY YOU LIKE
YOU'RE CLEANING TOILETS.
SO YOU'LL PAY ME BETTER.
FIRST, WE CHECK YOU OUT.
THEN WE TALK MONEY.
BUDDY.
(Benson)
HE'S OKAY.
HE'S--
HE'S UNDERCOVER.
AND HE KNOWS
THAT YOU'RE WORRIED.
YOU LIED TO ME
ON THE PHONE.
I'M SORRY, IT JUST--
IT--IT ALL
WENT DOWN SO FAST.
TOO FAST
TO CALL HIS FAMILY?
THE REST OF THE HOUSE
IS CLEAN.
YOU CHECK THE GARAGE?
YEAH, I EVEN FOUND SOME
OLD BILLS IN THE GARBAGE.
DON'T WORRY.
I PAID THOSE.
OH, I'M NOT WORRIED.
YOU SHOULD BE IF YOU
AREN'T WHO YOU SAY YOU ARE.
WE GON' RUN 'EM
FOR SURE.
HEY, KNOCK
YOURSELVES OUT, GUYS.
REALLY.
COME SIT.
YOU GET THE GIBBON
THROUGH CUSTOMS,
YOU GET 5%
OFF THE TOP, MIKE.
ALL RIGHT.
FROM NOW ON,
I OWN YOUR ASS.
THIS WATCH HAS
A GPS TRACKING DEVICE.
MM-HMM.
TAKE IT OFF,
YOU'RE DEAD.
ONLY MAKE CALLS
WITH THIS PHONE.
(Bushido)
MIKE.
WE CATCH YOU MAKING CALLS
WITH ANY OTHER PHONE...
DEAD.
YOU GUYS WANNA GIVE ME
A SPECIAL TOOTHBRUSH, TOO?
WE'RE GONNA BE MOVING
THAT GIBBON SOON.
WE'RE GONNA CONTACT YOU.
GO TO WORK. COME HOME.
NOTHIN' ELSE.
NO VISITORS, NO CALLS,
NO NOTHIN'.
NO PROBLEM.
(Benson)
DON'T YOU THINK
YOU SHOULD SLEEP ON IT
BEFORE YOU MAKE
SUCH A HUGE DECISION?
I DID.
BUT I CAN'T
TAKE THIS ANYMORE.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
DOES IT MATTER?
HE WON'T CALL.
HE WOULD IF HE COULD.
KATHY, I WILL MAKE SURE
THAT HE DOES.
[knock at door]
[grunts]
ARE YOU CRAZY?
THEY COULD HAVE SOMEBODY
WATCHING THE PLACE.
ELLIOT--
WE LOST CONTACT WITH YOU.
I HAD TO COME.
WHY AREN'T YOU ANSWERING
THE CELL PHONE WE GAVE YOU?
BECAUSE THEY TOOK IT,
ALONG WITH MY WALLET.
THERE WAS NOTHING
I COULD DO ABOUT IT.
OKAY, SO TAKE MINE
AND HIDE IT SOMEWHERE.
AND THAT WAY--I'LL TELL
CRAGEN THAT YOU HAVE IT.
TELL KATHY, TOO.
I JUST SAW HER.
SHE MAD?
SHE'S WORSE THAN MAD, AND
I CAN'T SAY THAT I BLAME HER.
WELL, LIV, WHAT THE HELL
AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
TELL THE BAD GUYS I GOTTA
GET HOME FOR DIAPER DUTY?
YOU GO UNDERCOVER AGAIN
AND DON'T TELL KATHY,
YOU'LL BE SAFER HERE
THAN HOME.
CALL HER.
[doorknob rattling]
[pounding on door]
MIKE!
COME ON, MIKE,
LET US IN!
THAT'S THEM. THAT'S THEM.
OKAY. GO IN THE BACK.
HERE, TAKE THIS. TAKE THIS.
GO IN THERE.
I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
[pounding]
MIKE!
[sighs]
[pounds]
HEY.
[stammers]
WHO WERE YOU
JUST TALKING TO?
WHAT?
WHO WERE YOU
TALKING TO?
NOBODY.
YOU WEARING
LADIES' PANTIES, TOO?
[toilet flushes]
HEY--UHH!
MMM! ARE YOU
READY FOR ME, DADDY?
OH, DIDN'T KNOW
WE WERE HAVIN' A PARTY.
THAT'S GONNA BE
$100 TO WATCH,
$250 TO JOIN.
EACH.
GUY'S GOTTA EAT, HUH?
[chuckles]
YOU GOT GOOD TASTE,
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT.
GET HER OUT OF HERE.
(Benson)
WHY SO TENSE?
UM, NOT TONIGHT.
WELL, GUESS WHAT?
YOU'VE STILL GOTTA PAY.
OKAY.
COME ON, GET GOING.
HEY, CAN I
AT LEAST GET DRESSED?
[cell phone rings]
(Bushido)
YEAH.
FINE.
CALL THE GUY.
TELL HIM WHEN
THE GIBBON COMES IN,
WE GO STRAIGHT
TO DOCK 32.
YOU GET DRESSED, TOO.
YOU'RE COMING WITH ME.
WOMEN, HUH?
I MEAN,
YOU CAN'T LIVE WITH 'EM,
CAN'T SELL 'EM.
I SOLD WOMEN
FOR TEN YEARS.
GREAT BUSINESS,
BUT EUROPE IS CHANGING.
YEAH.
LOOK, MIKE,
WHAT GIVES?
I SAY NO CALLS,
YOU RING UP SOME BIMBO.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I SAY NO VISITORS,
THE BIMBO COMES OVER.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY, YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, A GUY'S
GOT NEEDS, AND I'M--
BUT I WANT TO LET YOU KNOW,
IT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN AGAIN.
IN THIS BUSINESS,
YOU CAN NEVER
BE TOO CAREFUL.
BETTER PAY MORE
ATTENTION NEXT TIME, MIKE.
WHY ARE WE STOPPING?
GO INSIDE
AND GRAB THE CAGE.
WHAT, HERE?
YEAH.
HEY--
KNOCK TWICE
ON THE DOOR.
OH, AND MIKE,
TAKE THIS WITH YOU.
[gunshots]
[tires squeal]
(woman)
DID ANYONE SEE
WHAT HAPPENED?
(man)
OH, MY GOD,
WAS HE HIT BY A CAR?
(woman)
THOUGHT I HEARD A GUNSHOT.
(man)
ANYONE HAVE A CELL PHONE?
SIR! SIR!
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
JUST HOLD ON.
THE AMBULANCE IS COMING.
[police siren]
STAY WITH ME, PAL.
STAY WITH ME.
JUST HOLD ON.
DETECTIVE OLIVIA BENSON.
MANHATTAN SVU.
WE HAVE AN OFFICER DOWN
AT THE CORNER OF CLARENCE
AND QUEENS AVENUE.
I REPEAT,
WE HAVE AN OFFICER DOWN.
ELLIOT?
ELLIOT.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
[whispering]
ELLIOT.
DOCTOR, HOW IS HE?
ONE BULLET WENT
THROUGH AND THROUGH.
IT MISSED VITAL ORGANS.
I EXTRACTED THE OTHER
LODGED IN HIS BICEP.
SO YOU THINK HE'LL
MAKE A FULL RECOVERY?
HE'S ALREADY
ASKED TO GO HOME.
TWICE.
[sighs]
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO DUCK.
YOU WERE
SUPPOSED TO LEAVE.
WELL, WHEN MY PARTNER
HANGS OUT WITH SCUMBAGS,
I LIKE TO STICK AROUND,
SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
THANKS.
HOW WE PLAYIN' IT?
CRAGEN LEAKED
A STORY TO THE NEWS--
CUSTOMS AGENT SHOT AND KILLED
RUNNING BY HIS HOUSE,
PROBABLY A ROBBERY.
SO WHAT HAPPENS
WITH BUSHIDO AND TYBOR?
WE'RE ABOUT
TO PAY THEM A VISIT.
POLICE!
WE HAVE A WARRANT.
CLEAR.
RIGHT CLEAR.
WE'RE CLEAR.
NO SIGN OF YOUR GUYS.
ELLIOT SAID
THEY KEPT HALF
THE BRONX ZOO IN HERE.
WHERE THE HELL DID
THEY TAKE THE ANIMALS?
WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA FEED 'EM?
YOU CAN'T JUST FEED A TIGER
A BOWL OF KIBBLES 'N BITS.
COUPLE HUNDRED POUNDS
OF DEER MEAT.
CAN'T GET THAT
AT YOUR LOCAL MARKET.
BUT I BET YOU CAN
AT BIFERO STOCK AND FEED.
(Cascone)
WITH THE EXCEPTION
OF THE CIRCUS,
THESE GUYS WERE
MY BEST CLIENTS.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU
KNOW ABOUT 'EM?
NOT MUCH.
A STANDING ORDER FOR
2,000 POUNDS OF SIKA DEER MEAT
AND AN ADDRESS.
YOU DELIVERED TRUCKLOADS
OF MEAT TO A WAREHOUSE
IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE.
YEAH. SO?
(Fin)
AND YOU DIDN'T THINK
THAT WAS STRANGE.
IF I WAS A THINKER,
I WOULDN'T BE SELLING
ANIMAL FOOD FOR A LIVING.
HOW DID THEY
PAY THEIR BILL?
CREDIT CARD.
(Benson)
GOT A HIT ON
THE CREDIT CARD NUMBER.
LAST PURCHASE,
ONE WAY TICKET FROM JAKARTA.
JFK, LANDS
IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
I ALREADY HAVE CLEARANCE
FROM TSA AND CUSTOMS.
WE'LL GRAB THE SMUGGLER
WHEN HE GETS OFF THE PLANE.
WHAT ABOUT
TYBOR AND BUSHIDO?
TOLD YOU HE WOULDN'T
TAKE A DAY OFF.
YOU OWE ME 50 BUCKS.
ELLIOT, THE DOCTOR
SAID TAKE A WEEK.
[sighing]
I WANNA FINISH THIS.
(Stabler)
BABY GIBBON'S TOO EXPENSIVE
TO RISK OVER-SEDATING,
SO OUR GUY'LL EITHER
HAVE IT ON HIS PERSON
OR IN HIS CARRY-ON.
SO WE LOOK FOR
SOMETHING SQUIRMING.
OR A GUY
IN A BIG HAT.
BUSHIDO TOLD ME
THAT'S HOW
THEY BROUGHT IN
THEIR LAST BABY GIBBON.
ELLIOT.
ON THE LEFT.
CHECK OUT THE GUY
WITH THE MAGIC
BASKETBALL.
[winces]
LIV.
THE GUY IN
THE GREEN JUMPSUIT.
KOBE FROM JAKARTA.
THE MONKEY'S
IN THE BASKETBALL.
OKAY. I'M ON IT.
(Tybor)
MR. KUAN.
YOU HAVE SOMETHING
FOR US?
GENTLEMEN,
$1 MILLION.
(Bushido)
YOU NOW OWN
ONE OF ONLY 17 GIBBONS
LEFT IN THE WORLD.
SOON TO BE 16.
POLICE! DON'T MOVE.
GET ON THE GROUND.
[yells]
I GOT BUSHIDO!
I GOT TYBOR!
PLEASE RUN.
PLEASE.
[squeaking]
OH! COME ON.
COME ON.
[groans]
[distant yell]
TYBOR!
[machinery whirring]
[yelling]
[groaning]
SHOOT ME!
SHOOT ME,
YOU COWARD!
I'D RATHER SEE YOU
IN A CAGE.
ME IN A CAGE?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
KILL ME NOW!
BECAUSE WHEN I GET OUT,
YOUR FAMILY IS DEAD.
DEAD!
WHEN YOU GET OUT?
I GOT NEWS FOR YOU.
YOU AIN'T
NEVER GETTIN' OUT.
HELP ME!
I NEED A BUS
AND A JUMP TEAM
AT KUAN INDUSTRIAL.
NOW.
YOU'RE THE HOOKER.
I'M A COP.
AND YOU AND BUSHIDO
SHOT MY PARTNER.
I'M A COP, TOO.
YOU'RE A LYING SCUMBAG.
I SWEAR IT'S TRUE.
I'VE BEEN WORKING
UNDERCOVER FOR A YEAR.
PROVE IT.
I WORK WITH AGENT KALKE.
WHO DO YOU THINK
TOLD HER ABOUT STABLER?
HOW DO YOU THINK
WE GOT TO YOUR OFFICE?
I GOT A WIRE
IN MY BELT BUCKLE.
PULL ME UP
AND I'LL SHOW YOU.
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
LOOK.
I WISH I COULD HAVE BEEN
THERE FOR YOUR PARTNER.
IT'S OVER.
NOT FOR ME.
MY REAL TARGET'S
A PRISON GANG
THAT'S RUNNING
THE SMUGGLING RING.
BUSHIDO'S JUST
ONE RUNG ON THE LADDER.
I NEED A HIGH-PROFILE
CONVICTION TO INFILTRATE.
THANK YOU.
LET'S GO.
[police radio chatter]
FEELIN' BETTER?
YOU'RE A DEAD MAN, MIKE!
DEAD! NOWHERE YOU CAN HIDE!
I'LL FIND YOU!
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YOU ALREADY KILLED ME ONCE.
YOU'RE A DEAD MAN, MIKE!
DEAD!
WHAT?
HE'S A COP.
DIRTY?
UNDERCOVER.
WANT ME
TO CALL YOUR FAMILY?
FAMILY'S GONE.
LOST THEM A LONG TIME AGO.
THIS LIFE
PROVED TOO MUCH FOR 'EM.
[baby crying]
I GOT IT.
I'LL GET HIM, BABY.
[sighs]
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
COME ON.
AW, SHH.
AW.
[making soothing noises
and murmuring]
Captioning by Morgan
at CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com